High Resolution Pose Estimation new tool (#356)
opendr-eu/opendr: docs/reference/high-resolution-pose-estimation.md

  If the mobilenetv2 backbone is used, this parameter specifies its size.
- **shufflenet_groups**: *int, default=3*\
  If the shufflenet backbone is used, it specifies the number of groups to be used in grouped 1x1 convolutions in each ShuffleUnit.
- **num_refinement_stages**: *int, default=2*\
  Specifies the number of pose estimation refinement stages are added on the model's head, including the initial stage.
- **batches_per_iter**: *int, default=1*\
  Specifies per how many batches a backward optimizer step is performed.
- **base_height**: *int, default=256*\
  Specifies the height, based on which the images will be resized before performing the forward pass when using the Lightweight OpenPose.
- **first_pass_height**: *int, default=360*\
  Specifies the height that the input image will be resized during the heatmap generation procedure.
- **second_pass_height**: *int, default=540*\
  Specifies the height of the image on the second inference for pose estimation procedure.
- **percentage_arround_crop**: *float, default=0.3*\
  Specifies the percentage of an extra pad arround the cropped image
- **heatmap_threshold**: *float, default=0.1*\

>   Specifies a threshlod value that the heatmap elements should have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Specifies the threshold value that the heatmap elements should have during the first pass in order to trigger the second pass
```
